samples: crypto: Add KMU for the AES-KW sample (#27725)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/aes_kw/README.rst

   :start-after: crypto_sample_overview_driver_selection_start
   :end-before: crypto_sample_overview_driver_selection_end

Key-Encryption Key used by the sample
=====================================

> Depending on the configuration, the location and value of the Key-Encryption Key may vary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location and value of the Key Encryption Key (KEK) depend on the configuration:
```
